Welcome, brothers and sisters. Since our last update, we've had two more special conventions.
Both were held in Chile. More than 4,700 delegates traveled from 21 countries to attend these two conventions.
There was a combined peak attendance of over 17,000 and 123 were baptized.
The special convention touched the hearts of many, including a delegate named Jonathan. He said,
The love you have shown us at every step of this trip, from the welcome at the airport to all the different activities, the beautiful gifts, the friends at the convention, the wonderful reception personnel at the hotel, it has been unbelievable.
We thank Chahoba for allowing us to have this incredible experience, he said.
A delegate named Jessica said,
Thank you for giving us a preview of the new world. Recently, we've had a number of significant natural disasters.
In mid-September, storm Boris affected Central Europe, bringing heavy rain and powerful wind.
Hundreds of our brothers and sisters were displaced and received relief aid.
Meanwhile, Southern Africa continues to be affected by an unprecedented drought.
Various branch offices, including Malawi, Mozambique and Zimbabwe, have helped tens of thousands of our brothers to have the food they need.
In late September and early October, hurricanes Helene and Milton devastated the Southeast and United States.
The two storms caused devastating floods and landslides. Sadly, three publishers were killed. Over 11,000 of our brothers were displaced.
The storms damaged or destroyed 17 kingdom halls and more than 2,500 of our brothers' homes.
We continue to pray for all of our brothers who are affected by these disasters.
And we are grateful for the many volunteers who are supporting disaster relief.
Of course, we also appreciate the generous donations that allow us to care for the needs of our brothers who are facing these terrible situations.
On September 27, 2024, authorities in Eritrea raided a private home where a peaceful meeting of Jehovah's Witnesses was being held.
Initially, the police arrested 24 of our brothers and sisters, including two minor children, later the children were released.
This raid occurred nearly 30 years after the President of Eritrea revoked the citizenship of Jehovah's Witnesses in 1994.
This decree is still in force and prevents the majority of Jehovah's Witnesses from leading a normal life, owning property, running a business, or even finding employment.
Days after the raid, the police arrested and imprisoned 85-year-old sister Leta Bairhan Tessfi.
Sister Leta Bairhan was one of the first in Eritrea to study the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses. She was baptized in 1957.
Eight of her children and eight of her grandchildren are serving Jehovah. Her daughter, Hadassah Seressani, is imprisoned with her.
Sister Saron Gabriel and her husband were also arrested. Saron is about six months pregnant.
Saron's brother, Hinock, is the longest imprisoned brother in Eritrea at this time. He was first arrested in January 2005.
As of November 1, 64 of our brothers and sisters in Eritrea are imprisoned.
We continue to pray for the 223 brothers and sisters around the world who are currently imprisoned for their faith.
At the annual meeting on October 5, 2024, there was a very exciting announcement.
Brothers Jody Jadley and Jacob Rumpf were appointed to serve as members of the governing body.
We are happy to have them with us in this studio. Let's spend a few minutes getting better acquainted with them.
Welcome, brothers. We have so many questions that we'd like to ask you.
But maybe you could help us to know a little bit about how you came to love Jehovah.
First, what helped you to come to know Jehovah so that you wanted to serve him?
Father Jody?
I was raised in the truth. Dad was baptized in the 1940s and he served faithfully until he passed away.
And mom was baptized in the 1950s.
They loved Jehovah in his organization.
So their love for Jehovah helped my sister in reformer relationship with Jehovah as well.
As I grew up and I learned the truth, the truth just made sense.
But what really convinced me that it was the best way of living was the love amongst Jehovah's people.
I remember during the summer vacations, brothers and sisters would come from around the country
to preach an unassigned territory near us.
And we didn't know these friends before they came.
But when they arrived, we were instant family.
And it was simply because we all served Jehovah.
And that had a real impression on me.
My parents were raised around the truth.
However, my mother was inactive and as I was growing up, my father was also not a witness.
Although we never really associated with a congregation, my mother did teach us basic Bible truths.
I knew God's name was Jehovah. I knew that I should only pray to Him.
And I also knew that the earth would be converted into a paradise.
Also, when I would visit my paternal grandmother once or twice a year, who was a very faithful witness,
I really felt drawn to Jehovah by her because of her words and her beautiful Christian qualities.
I wanted to know who Jehovah really was.
So when I was about 13 years old, I asked my mother if I could study the Bible.
I reasoned, well, if this really is the truth, then I wanted to be one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
And if it wasn't the truth, well, then I still wanted to be a good person.
Interestingly, my mother had already been wanting to come back to Jehovah.
So we progressed together.
Soon after my study started, I realized that this was the truth that I was looking for.
My mother was reactivated, and a month later I was approved to be an unbaptized publisher.
Now I'm happy to say that my whole immediate family is in the truth,
and they continue to be an excellent example of faith for me.
Brother Rump, what motivated you to pursue full-time service?
I would say that the good example of mature pioneers that made the Pioneer service their career,
as well as circuit overseers that took an interest in me,
really had a big impact on me growing up.
I saw how happy they were and the stories they had of serving where the need was greater,
even some of them expanding their service into distant lands.
So all of that made me really want to be a missionary.
So after high school, I started in the Pioneer service.
My story is similar to Jake's being around those who enjoyed full-time service helped.
For example, our parents had the Pioneer spirit.
They both pioneered until the children came along,
and later Mom was able to start pioneering again, and she continues until now.
During summer vacations, we would auxiliary pioneers of family.
We'd go in the ministry with the circuit overseer,
and in most summers, we'd also visit Bethel.
All of those activities helped us to see first hand
that full-time service was simply a great way of life.
So when I finished high school, I began pioneering,
and later I was invited to Bethel at 19.
My sister and her husband also served at Bethel.
What had been some of your assignments over the years, and how have you benefited from them?
Well, I was assigned to the cleaning department when I came to Bethel at Walkill.
And it was a great crew. We enjoyed working with each other,
and working on different teams and on rotating schedules helped me see the need
to be adaptable to get work done.
About two and a half years later, I was transferred to the office
where I worked with staffing matters and medical matters,
and I was even able to help missionaries with medical care that they needed.
Later, Damaris and I got married, and we were transferred to Brooklyn,
where I also continued to work with medical matters.
We served in Brooklyn until 2005 when we left Bethel to help take care of parents.
We both pioneered, and I served on the hospital liaison committee and on the regional building committee.
We came back to Bethel eight years later for a two-week assignment
on the Warwick construction project.
I guess it's lasted a little bit longer, we've been at Bethel ever since.
In 2015, we were transferred to Patterson to work with the newly formed local
design construction department or LDC.
In 2018, the LDC was moved to Walkill, so we went full circle.
We came back to where we started, and then in 2021,
I was assigned to the hospital information department,
and in 2022, we were transferred to Warwick to work with hospital information services.
In every assignment along the way,
it's been a privilege to learn from spiritual men and women.
Over the years, it was faith-strengthening to see brothers who carried heavy
theocratic responsibilities.
They set the example in being kind and humble.
They were glad to share their knowledge with the rest of us.
And when we were outside of Bethel, we saw how hard parents worked to raise their children in the truth
and how the brothers and sisters love to support theocratic activities.
Jehovah truly has wonderful people, and I treasure those examples.
Yes, for me, in the 1998 Regional Convention,
I remember that there was a talk that highlighted several countries
where there was a need for pioneers, and one of those mentioned was Ecuador.
So I prayed about it, I looked at my circumstances,
I did some investigation, and after that convention,
I decided to write to the Ecuador branch for information.
Well, after visiting to check it out, I was happy,
which Jehovah's helped to be able to make the move.
And the territory was so amazing at that time.
Many right-hearted ones were searching for the truth.
My dream to serve in a missionary field was to come in a reality,
but really the greatest blessing for me in serving in Ecuador was meeting my future wife, Inga.
And then after marriage, we continued serving,
where the need was great, there in Ecuador.
Several years later, we were assigned as special pioneers,
and eventually we started in the circuit work,
carrying for a circuit that included even some congregations in the Amazon jungle,
and that was a lot of fun.
Then in 2011, we were surprised to be invited to the 132nd Class of Gilead,
which was also a great privilege for us.
And after Gilead, our life has seen a lot of changes.
We've served in different parts of the world,
and enjoyed many different privileges.
But in all of these assignments, what we've really learned
is to just be content to do our best with what Jehovah allows us to do each day.
And to not get too worried about what we can't control.
Another thing that we've learned is that it's never the place that makes an assignment special,
but it's the people really that you get to serve with.
And we love those precious friends so much.
Is there a scriptural thought that has strengthened you as you begin this new assignment?
I think for me, the example of Joshua helps,
and what Jehovah told him when he received a new assignment.
Joshua had always been a courageous servant of Jehovah for decades.
He walked through the Red Sea.
He led the Israelites in battle against the Amalakites.
He was a spy, and he helped Moses for years in very difficult situations.
Yet, a Joshua 19, interesting what Jehovah tells him,
he tells him, have I not commanded you?
Be courageous and strong.
Do not be struck with terror or fear.
And next, Jehovah reminds Joshua of why he could take on his new assignment.
He tells him, for Jehovah, your God is with you wherever you go.
And that's really the point.
Jehovah is with us as we take on new assignments.
I look back and I know he helped me on all the other assignments over the years.
So I know he'll help me with this assignment too.
I also like that Jehovah told Joshua that he was with him.
He was personal with Jehovah.
And Jehovah hasn't changed.
So it's not about what I can do.
It's about what he can do.
And Jehovah can do anything.
He personally supports each of his servants.
So I can trust that Jehovah will be with me personally.
He will help me care for the new assignment.
And that helps.
I personally feel a lot like Gideon felt when he received his assignment.
He came from a normal background and he didn't think that he would really ever be able to make much of a difference.
But Jehovah, through an angel, reminded him of an important fact at Judges 6 and verse 14.
He told him, Go with the strength you have.
And you will save Israel out of Midian's hand.
Is it not I who send you?
The reality is with Gideon's own strength, he couldn't do much.
So Jehovah is basically telling Gideon,
You just bring what you have to offer and I'll bring the rest.
To be honest, the thought of serving in this capacity was scary for me and my wife.
But we just want to try to imitate Gideon.
Just do our best and let Jehovah make up the difference.
This work is his and he will make sure that it continues successfully.
Thank you, brothers.
I remember 30 years ago when I first started serving on the governing body,
I had some of those feelings as well and I know he'll help you too.
We are so happy to have you on the governing body and we wish you Jehovah's blessing in your new assignment.
And we continue to pray for all of you.
We love you all very much from the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses.
This is JW Broadcasting.